# VSHacks2025 - HeartBEAT
# This is our project done digitally by Jonathan, Steven and Matthew.
# The idea behind this is a program that promotes fitness by tracking your heart rate with a twist. If your heart rate falls below 120 BPM, the Arduino System will start punching the user, and an alarm will blare until the user raises their heart rate to an adequate amount. 
# We understand that fitness doesn't just stem from fear, but also reward, which is why there is also an app that gets the information from the Arduino and rewards the user with points for the amount of exercise they do per hour, which they can then spend in the shop menu. However, it is not as it seems, where a strange being is following you wherever you go.
# Please note that this is a proof of concept of each system. If we were to make this reality, the software would not be coded in scratch but rather a program that can connect to the Arduino's inputs, such as C++, Java, HTML, etc. Moreover, because this project acts as a proof of concept, some things have been edited to give you an example of how things function, such as the point system in Scratch being set at 10000 to simulate the shop function, the score being calculated from seconds rather than minutes to show you how to earn points, and the heart beat moving randomly to simulate the fluctuations seen during workout and how Bob catches up. In the Arduino simulator, since the IR Sensor doesn't work, the code can be edited to test for the lack of noise and punching.
